From i@gzti.me  Wed Mar 29 00:00:00 2023
Return-Path: <i@gzti.me>
X-Original-To: GZTime
Delivered-To: i@zgti.me
Received: by ZGTime
From: i@gzti.me
To: i@zgti.me
Subject: GZTime <i@gzti.me>
Date: Wed, 29 Mar 2023 00:00:00 +0800 (CST)
Status: RO

Dear Colleague , Especially for you - this red-hot
news ! If you are not interested in our publications
and wish to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT
respond and ignore this mail . This mail is being sent
in compliance with Senate bill 2516 , Title 8 , Section
306 ! This is a ligitimate business proposal ! Why
work for somebody else when you can become rich in
40 weeks . Have you ever noticed nearly every commercial
on television has a .com on in it and how long the
line-ups are at bank machines . Well, now is your chance
to capitalize on this ! We will help you increase customer
response by 140% plus SELL MORE ! You can begin at
absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us !
Prof Ames who resides in New York tried us and says
"My only problem now is where to park all my cars"
. We are a BBB member in good standing . We beseech
you - act now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount
of 30% . Thank-you for your serious consideration of
our offer . Dear Colleague ; Especially for you - this
amazing announcement . This is a one time mailing there
is no need to request removal if you won't want any
more ! This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate
bill 1621 ; Title 4 , Section 301 ! Do NOT confuse
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody
else when you can become rich within 21 weeks . Have
you ever noticed people love convenience & most everyone
has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize
on this . We will help you deliver goods right to the
customer's doorstep & decrease perceived waiting time
by 170% ! The best thing about our system is that it
is absolutely risk free for you ! But don't believe
us . Mr Ames who resides in Georgia tried us and says
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are a BBB member in
good standing . Do not delay - order today ! Sign up
a friend and your friend will be rich too ! Thanks
! Dear Web surfer ; You made the right decision when
you signed up for our directory . This is a one time
mailing there is no need to request removal if you
won't want any more . This mail is being sent in compliance
with Senate bill 2016 , Title 1 ; Section 309 ! THIS
IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME ! Why work for somebody else
when you can become rich as few as 36 MONTHS ! Have
you ever noticed nearly every commercial on television
has a .com on in it plus nobody is getting any younger
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this !
We will help you use credit cards on your website and
SELL MORE . You can begin at absolutely no cost to
you . But don't believe us ! Prof Simpson of New Mexico
tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked for
me" ! We are licensed to operate in all states . We
implore you - act now . Sign up a friend and your friend
will be rich too ! Thanks . Dear Cybercitizen , This
letter was specially selected to be sent to you . If
you no longer wish to receive our publications simply
reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately
be removed from our directory . This mail is being
sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624 , Title 5
; Section 305 . Do NOT confuse us with Internet scam
artists ! Why work for somebody else when you can become
rich inside 17 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed society
seems to be moving faster and faster and how many people
you know are on the Internet ! Well, now is your chance
to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU process your
orders within seconds and decrease perceived waiting
time by 130% . You can begin at absolutely no cost
to you . But don't believe us . Ms Simpson who resides
in Maine tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH"
. We assure you that we operate within all applicable
laws ! DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign up a friend
and your friend will be rich too ! God Bless . Dear
Salaryman ; Especially for you - this red-hot intelligence
. We will comply with all removal requests . This mail
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1625 ,
Title 5 , Section 307 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk
mail ! Why work for somebody else when you can become
rich in 17 days ! Have you ever noticed society seems
to be moving faster and faster plus nearly every commercial
on television has a .com on in it ! Well, now is your
chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU use
credit cards on your website and increase customer
response by 170% ! The best thing about our system
is that it is absolutely risk free for you . But don't
believe us ! Prof Anderson who resides in North Dakota
tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are
a BBB member in good standing . Don't delay - order
today ! Sign up a friend and your friend will be rich
too ! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our
offer ! Dear Cybercitizen ; Especially for you - this
cutting-edge news . If you no longer wish to receive
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE"
and you will immediately be removed from our mailing
list . This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate
bill 1623 , Title 8 , Section 303 ! This is a ligitimate
business proposal . Why work for somebody else when
you can become rich within 13 MONTHS ! Have you ever
noticed most everyone has a cellphone and people love
convenience . Well, now is your chance to capitalize
on this . We will help you increase customer response
by 190% & SELL MORE ! You can begin at absolutely no
cost to you . But don't believe us . Mr Anderson who
resides in Oregon tried us and says "Now I'm rich many
more things are possible" . We are a BBB member in
good standing ! For the sake of your family order now
. Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 60%
! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our offer
! Dear Internet user ; We know you are interested in
receiving red-hot intelligence . We will comply with
all removal requests . This mail is being sent in compliance
with Senate bill 2716 , Title 1 ; Section 302 ! THIS
IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work for somebody
else when you can become rich in 60 MONTHS . Have you
ever noticed nearly every commercial on television
has a .com on in it and more people than ever are surfing
the web . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on
this ! We will help you SELL MORE and deliver goods
right to the customer's doorstep . You can begin at
absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us .
Prof Simpson who resides in South Dakota tried us and
says "Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! This offer is 100%
legal ! If not for you then for your loved ones - act
now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of
80% ! Warmest regards . Dear Cybercitizen , Especially
for you - this red-hot news ! If you are not interested
in our publications and wish to be removed from our
lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail !
This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill
1916 , Title 2 , Section 302 . THIS IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL
MARKETING . Why work for somebody else when you can
become rich as few as 64 weeks ! Have you ever noticed
nobody is getting any younger plus most everyone has
a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize
on this . WE will help YOU deliver goods right to the
customer's doorstep & SELL MORE . You can begin at
absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us !
Mrs Jones of Ohio tried us and says "My only problem
now is where to park all my cars" ! This offer is 100%
legal ! If not for you then for your loved ones - act
now . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of
80% ! Thank-you for your serious consideration of our
offer ! Dear Internet user , You made the right decision
when you signed up for our mailing list . This is a
one time mailing there is no need to request removal
if you won't want any more . This mail is being sent
in compliance with Senate bill 2416 , Title 3 ; Section
303 ! This is not a get rich scheme . Why work for
somebody else when you can become rich as few as 47
weeks . Have you ever noticed society seems to be moving
faster and faster and nobody is getting any younger
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this .
We will help you SELL MORE and SELL MORE . The best
thing about our system is that it is absolutely risk
free for you ! But don't believe us ! Mrs Simpson who
resides in Montana tried us and says "Now I'm rich
many more things are possible" ! This offer is 100%
legal ! Don't delay - order today ! Sign up a friend
and you'll get a discount of 10% . Cheers ! Dear Friend
, This letter was specially selected to be sent to
you ! We will comply with all removal requests . This
mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1624
, Title 2 ; Section 303 ! Do NOT confuse us with Internet
scam artists ! Why work for somebody else when you
can become rich within 52 MONTHS ! Have you ever noticed
people love convenience and nobody is getting any younger
! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this .
We will help you turn your business into an E-BUSINESS
and process your orders within seconds . You can begin
at absolutely no cost to you . But don't believe us
! Ms Simpson of Florida tried us and says "Now I'm
rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed to operate in all
states ! Do not delay - order today . Sign up a friend
and you'll get a discount of 50% . Best regards ! Dear
Cybercitizen , We know you are interested in receiving
cutting-edge news . If you no longer wish to receive
our publications simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE"
and you will immediately be removed from our directory
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate
bill 2716 , Title 2 ; Section 302 ! THIS IS NOT A GET
RICH SCHEME . Why work for somebody else when you can
become rich as few as 92 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed
how long the line-ups are at bank machines and nobody
is getting any younger ! Well, now is your chance to
capitalize on this ! We will help you increase customer
response by 190% plus process your orders within seconds
. You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But
don't believe us . Prof Ames who resides in North Dakota
tried us and says "My only problem now is where to
park all my cars" ! This offer is 100% legal . If not
for you then for your loved ones - act now ! Sign up
a friend and you get half off ! Cheers .
